README.md, before:

Knowledge base for DSSG. Special thanks to community contributers: [@ryzalk](https://github.com/ryzalk), @David Leonardi, @Dexter Ang

### Overview of the data science industry
- [Quora Data Science FAQs](https://www.quora.com/topic/Data-Science/faq)
- [Bigcloud Data Science Salary Survey](http://www.bigcloud.io/2018-data-science-salary-survey-report-usa-europe-apac/)
- [O'reilly General Data Science Trends](https://www.oreilly.com/topics/data-science)
- [Be a T-shaped Data Person](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/analyzing-the-analyzers/9781449368388/ch04.html)
- [Essential Data Skills — Supply and Demand on the Job Market from Kaggle Data](https://towardsdatascience.com/essential-data-skills-supply-and-demand-on-the-job-market-4f7dffa23b70)

### Getting Started in Data Science / ML / AI 
- [The Open Source Data Science Masters](http://datasciencemasters.org/)
- [Data Science Curriculum from Scratch 2018](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-science-curriculum-from-scratch-2018-part-1-35061303c385)
- [Numsense! Data Science for the Layman: No Math Added](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01N29ZEM6/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_bibl_vppi_i0)
- [Machine Learning Resources](https://medium.com/machine-learning-for-humans/how-to-learn-machine-learning-24d53bb64aa1)
- [What would be useful for aspiring data scientists to know?
](https://blog.insightdatascience.com/what-would-be-useful-for-aspiring-data-scientists-to-know-4ce0baf65d97)
- [Open Source Society University - Data Science](https://github.com/ossu/data-science)
- [MIT: The Analytics Edge](https://www.edx.org/course/the-analytics-edge)
- [Andrew Ng: Machine Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning)
- [CMU: Machine Learning](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~tom/10701_sp11/lectures.shtml)

### Statistical Learning
- [Introduction to Statistical Learning:
With Applications in R](http://fs2.american.edu/alberto/www/analytics/ISLRLectures.html)
- [Elements of Statistical Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/)
- [Methods and Statistics in Social Sciences Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/social-science)

### Specialized Topics in Data Science / ML / AI 
- [Fast.ai: Practical Deep Learning For Coders, Part 1, taught by Jeremy Howard](https://course.fast.ai/)
- [Deeplearning.ai by Andrew Ng](https://www.deeplearning.ai/)
- [CS224d: Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing](http://cs224d.stanford.edu/)
- [Deep reinforcement learning Course](https://github.com/simoninithomas/Deep_reinforcement_learning_Course)
- [Simple Reinforcement Learning with Tensorflow](https://medium.com/emergent-future/simple-reinforcement-learning-with-tensorflow-part-0-q-learning-with-tables-and-neural-networks-d195264329d0)
- [Reinforcement Learning by Georgia Tech](https://www.udacity.com/course/reinforcement-learning--ud600)
- [Computer Vision with OpenCV](https://docs.opencv.org/master/d9/df8/tutorial_root.html)
- [Peter Norvig's Spell Corrector Tutorial](http://www.norvig.com/spell-correct.html)
- [Free interactive deep learning book & course by Berkeley](http://d2l.ai/index.html)
- [Browse state-of-the-art papers with code](https://paperswithcode.com/sota)

### Language
- [Python Data Science Handbook](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/)
- [R for Data Science](https://r4ds.had.co.nz/)
- [Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/)
- [PyTorch Tutorials](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/) | [PyTorch Udacity Course](https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning-pytorch--ud188)
- [Tensorflow Tutorials](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/)

### Blogs / data news to follow
- [DataTau](https://www.datatau.com/)
- [Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/)
- [OpenAi Blog](https://blog.openai.com/)
- [Kaggle No Free Hunch](http://blog.kaggle.com/)
- [Simply Statistics](https://simplystatistics.org/)
- [dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/)
- [Kaggle Paper Reading Group](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54uLU7Nxyv8&list=PLqFaTIg4myu8t5ycqvp7I07jTjol3RCl9&index=4)

### Sharing about the Data Journey
- [Rosebud Anwuri's Journey](https://towardsdatascience.com/my-journey-into-data-science-39e9bbbbf452)
- [Freddie Odukomaiya's Journey](https://medium.com/@FreddieO/how-to-become-a-data-scientist-in-12-months-7e0deb51fac5)
- [Manja Bogicevic's Journey](https://medium.com/datadriveninvestor/how-to-become-a-top-data-scientist-in-6-months-my-journey-and-experience-83a05b5fe167)
- [How do I become a data scientist without a PhD?](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-become-a-data-scientist-without-a-PhD/answer/Thia-Kai-Xin)

### Further studies - Masters from top schools accessible in Singapore, sorted by CS ranking.
- [Skillsfuture study award for Singaporeans, $5,000 sponsorship for CS/DS Masters](http://www.skillsfuture.sg/studyawards/infocomm)
- [Times higher education CS school ranking](https://www.timeshighereducation.com/world-university-rankings/2019/subject-ranking/computer-science#!/page/0/length/25/sort_by/rank/sort_order/asc/cols/stats)
- Online masters listed below have the same recognition as their offline counterparts; the diploma and the transcripts will not mention the online mode of delivery.

| Course Name  | School | Cost (USD, approx) | CS Rank |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| [Online Master of Science in Computer Science](https://www.omscs.gatech.edu/)| Georgia Tech | $8,000 | 7 |
| [Online Master of Science in Analytics](https://pe.gatech.edu/degrees/analytics)| Georgia Tech | $10,000 | 7 |
| [Master of Science in Business Analytics](http://msba.nus.edu/)| NUS | $30,000| 15 |
| [Master of Science in Computer Science](https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/programmes/pg/mcs/)| NUS | $30,000| 15 |
| [Master of Technology](https://www.iss.nus.edu.sg/graduate-programmes/graduate-programmes)| NUS-ISS | $15,000| 15 |
| [Online Master of Science in Computer Science](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/graduate-program/masters-program/online-option)| UT Austin | $10,000 | 18 |
| [Online Master of Science in Data Science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/masters-in-computer-data-science)| UIUC | $21,000 | 25 |
| [Online Master of Computer Science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/master-of-computer-science-illinois)| UIUC | $21,000 | 25 |
| [Master of Science in Analytics](http://spms.ntu.edu.sg/MathematicalSciences/Analytics-@-MAS/Pages/MSc-in-Analytics-Programme.aspx)| NTU | $23,500 | 29 |

Commit message:

Added Online Master of Science in Cybersecurity

README.md, after:

Knowledge base for DSSG. Special thanks to community contributers: [@ryzalk](https://github.com/ryzalk), @David Leonardi, @Dexter Ang

### Overview of the data science industry
- [Quora Data Science FAQs](https://www.quora.com/topic/Data-Science/faq)
- [Bigcloud Data Science Salary Survey](http://www.bigcloud.io/2018-data-science-salary-survey-report-usa-europe-apac/)
- [O'reilly General Data Science Trends](https://www.oreilly.com/topics/data-science)
- [Be a T-shaped Data Person](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/analyzing-the-analyzers/9781449368388/ch04.html)
- [Essential Data Skills — Supply and Demand on the Job Market from Kaggle Data](https://towardsdatascience.com/essential-data-skills-supply-and-demand-on-the-job-market-4f7dffa23b70)

### Getting Started in Data Science / ML / AI 
- [The Open Source Data Science Masters](http://datasciencemasters.org/)
- [Data Science Curriculum from Scratch 2018](https://towardsdatascience.com/data-science-curriculum-from-scratch-2018-part-1-35061303c385)
- [Numsense! Data Science for the Layman: No Math Added](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01N29ZEM6/ref=dbs_a_def_rwt_bibl_vppi_i0)
- [Machine Learning Resources](https://medium.com/machine-learning-for-humans/how-to-learn-machine-learning-24d53bb64aa1)
- [What would be useful for aspiring data scientists to know?
](https://blog.insightdatascience.com/what-would-be-useful-for-aspiring-data-scientists-to-know-4ce0baf65d97)
- [Open Source Society University - Data Science](https://github.com/ossu/data-science)
- [MIT: The Analytics Edge](https://www.edx.org/course/the-analytics-edge)
- [Andrew Ng: Machine Learning](https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning)
- [CMU: Machine Learning](http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~tom/10701_sp11/lectures.shtml)

### Statistical Learning
- [Introduction to Statistical Learning:
With Applications in R](http://fs2.american.edu/alberto/www/analytics/ISLRLectures.html)
- [Elements of Statistical Learning](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/ElemStatLearn/)
- [Methods and Statistics in Social Sciences Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/social-science)

### Specialized Topics in Data Science / ML / AI 
- [Fast.ai: Practical Deep Learning For Coders, Part 1, taught by Jeremy Howard](https://course.fast.ai/)
- [Deeplearning.ai by Andrew Ng](https://www.deeplearning.ai/)
- [CS224d: Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing](http://cs224d.stanford.edu/)
- [Deep reinforcement learning Course](https://github.com/simoninithomas/Deep_reinforcement_learning_Course)
- [Simple Reinforcement Learning with Tensorflow](https://medium.com/emergent-future/simple-reinforcement-learning-with-tensorflow-part-0-q-learning-with-tables-and-neural-networks-d195264329d0)
- [Reinforcement Learning by Georgia Tech](https://www.udacity.com/course/reinforcement-learning--ud600)
- [Computer Vision with OpenCV](https://docs.opencv.org/master/d9/df8/tutorial_root.html)
- [Peter Norvig's Spell Corrector Tutorial](http://www.norvig.com/spell-correct.html)
- [Free interactive deep learning book & course by Berkeley](http://d2l.ai/index.html)
- [Browse state-of-the-art papers with code](https://paperswithcode.com/sota)

### Language
- [Python Data Science Handbook](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/)
- [R for Data Science](https://r4ds.had.co.nz/)
- [Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/)
- [PyTorch Tutorials](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/) | [PyTorch Udacity Course](https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning-pytorch--ud188)
- [Tensorflow Tutorials](https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/)

### Blogs / data news to follow
- [DataTau](https://www.datatau.com/)
- [Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/)
- [OpenAi Blog](https://blog.openai.com/)
- [Kaggle No Free Hunch](http://blog.kaggle.com/)
- [Simply Statistics](https://simplystatistics.org/)
- [dataconomy](https://dataconomy.com/)
- [Kaggle Paper Reading Group](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54uLU7Nxyv8&list=PLqFaTIg4myu8t5ycqvp7I07jTjol3RCl9&index=4)

### Sharing about the Data Journey
- [Rosebud Anwuri's Journey](https://towardsdatascience.com/my-journey-into-data-science-39e9bbbbf452)
- [Freddie Odukomaiya's Journey](https://medium.com/@FreddieO/how-to-become-a-data-scientist-in-12-months-7e0deb51fac5)
- [Manja Bogicevic's Journey](https://medium.com/datadriveninvestor/how-to-become-a-top-data-scientist-in-6-months-my-journey-and-experience-83a05b5fe167)
- [How do I become a data scientist without a PhD?](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-become-a-data-scientist-without-a-PhD/answer/Thia-Kai-Xin)

### Further studies - Masters from top schools accessible in Singapore, sorted by CS ranking.
- [Skillsfuture study award for Singaporeans, $5,000 sponsorship for CS/DS Masters](http://www.skillsfuture.sg/studyawards/infocomm)
- [Times higher education CS school ranking](https://www.timeshighereducation.com/world-university-rankings/2019/subject-ranking/computer-science#!/page/0/length/25/sort_by/rank/sort_order/asc/cols/stats)
- Online masters listed below have the same recognition as their offline counterparts; the diploma and the transcripts will not mention the online mode of delivery.

| Course Name  | School | Cost (USD, approx) | CS Rank |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| [Online Master of Science in Computer Science](https://www.omscs.gatech.edu/)| Georgia Tech | $8,000 | 7 |
| [Online Master of Science in Analytics](https://pe.gatech.edu/degrees/analytics)| Georgia Tech | $10,000 | 7 |
| [Online Master of Science in Cybersecurity](https://pe.gatech.edu/degrees/cybersecurity)| Georgia Tech | $10,000 | 7 |
| [Master of Science in Business Analytics](http://msba.nus.edu/)| NUS | $30,000| 15 |
| [Master of Science in Computer Science](https://www.comp.nus.edu.sg/programmes/pg/mcs/)| NUS | $30,000| 15 |
| [Master of Technology](https://www.iss.nus.edu.sg/graduate-programmes/graduate-programmes)| NUS-ISS | $15,000| 15 |
| [Online Master of Science in Computer Science](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/graduate-program/masters-program/online-option)| UT Austin | $10,000 | 18 |
| [Online Master of Science in Data Science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/masters-in-computer-data-science)| UIUC | $21,000 | 25 |
| [Online Master of Computer Science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/master-of-computer-science-illinois)| UIUC | $21,000 | 25 |
| [Master of Science in Analytics](http://spms.ntu.edu.sg/MathematicalSciences/Analytics-@-MAS/Pages/MSc-in-Analytics-Programme.aspx)| NTU | $23,500 | 29 |
